Update README (#704)
DbUp/DbUp: docs/more-info/schema-downgrading.md

# Schema Downgrading

Schema Downgrading is not an offical part of DbUp. Because it's error prone and hard to implement properly. See Discussion [https://github.com/DbUp/DbUp/issues/42](https://github.com/DbUp/DbUp/issues/42)

> If you need the functionality anyway? Take a look at the extension [https://github.com/asimeonov/DbUp.Downgrade/](https://github.com/asimeonov/DbUp.Downgrade/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need this functionality anyway, please take a look at the [DbUp.Downgrade](https://github.com/asimeonov/DbUp.Downgrade) project.
```
